# Stage_M1_Kittiwakes
 Contains the codes wrote during my first Master Degree Internship


My internship intended to address the differences in life history traits between sexes and reproductive states in a long-lived seabird, the Black legged kittiwake (Rissa tridactyla). The aim was to investigate the apparent biased Sex Ratio that the researchers observed, by focusing on pre-breeders and their age at recruitment. A Black legged kittiwake population has been monitored in Brittany over the last 40 years. In the past few years, scientist on site had the perception that there were more young males than young females returning to colonies to breed. We tested two hypotheses: the first one was that the observers managed to sex the males younger than the females – in this study, a sex is attributed to an animal on the basis of its behavior. The second hypothesis was that the males bred earlier than the females and were coming back earlier to breeding grounds in their lives than the females. The hypotheses were tested thanks to statistical analysis of the data set: we determined the age when each bird was sexed and compare those ages in males and females. In parallel, we design capture-recapture models and estimated their parameters in a Bayesian framework to determine kittiwake life history traits. Our first hypothesis was supported, as males were sexed significantly younger than females. However, the second hypothesis was supported too, as males breed earlier in their life than females. We think that the impression of a biased sex-ratio from field observations results from a combination of at least those two hypotheses. 
